1. Valid POST request to /tasks with correct API key
    - When this request is sent with the right x-api-key header to /tasks, the first thing that happens is express.json runs, which parses the JSON body and populates req.body. After this, the logger middleware will execute, which will log the HTTP method and path, then call next() to pass the control. Then the timer middleware will execute and determine how long the request takes to complete. Next, Express matches the route for POST /tasks and the route level middleware will then execute. First, the API key middleware will run and since the header is present and correct, it will call next(). The validation middleware then runs if the request is valid, it also calls next(). Afterward, the controller executes, creates the task object, and sends a response. This marks the end of the request lifecycle and the timer middleware will log how long the request took. Since every middleware called next successfully, the controller executes.

2. POST /tasks without required field
    - This lifecycle will begin in the same way as the last one, but only when a POST request is sent without the title field. Express.json will parse the incoming JSON body, logger middleware logs the request, and the timer middleware starts keeping tabs of execution time. Express matches the route and the API key middleware runs next, which will call next() if the API key is correct. The validation middleware runs next, which will see that the title field is missing and calls next(error) instead of next(). Express then skips the normal middleware and controller and the error middleware will run. It formats the response into the correct JSON error structure and sends a 400 response. After this, the lifecycle is over and the timer middleware logs the execution time. Since the validation middleware didn't call next(), the contoller doesn't execute.

3. POST /tasks with missing API key
    - In this POST scenario, the express.json parses the body as it did for the other lifecycles. The logger middleware and timer middleware also execute. The route is matched and the API key middleware will execute first, which will call next(error) because the header is either missing or not correct. Since there was an error, the rest of the route level middleware and the controller will be skipped. The error middleware then sends a 401 JSON error response and the timer middleware returns the execution time. The controller never executes here because of the error.